Adjust the responsive type scale (#2421)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

### New features

> #### We've adjusted our responsive type scale

Reviewer: If you want to change this to an action for the user it could be something like:
'Assess and adjust your service to the new typography scale'

We've made the following adjustments to our responsive type scale:

> - point 16 is now 16px across all screen sizes

Reviewer: I've had a rethink about these. Have a look at the following suggestions and see if it works.
```suggestion
- 16px is now the same across all screen sizes
```

Reviewer 2: This is a tricky one because that first subject, "point 16", isn't representative of the specific unit 16px necessarily. It's point "16" on our responsive type scale. [Chris's rewrite of the typography section best illustrates this](https://deploy-preview-3343--govuk-design-system-preview.netlify.app/styles/type-scale/). For extra context, 16 used to be 16px on big screens, 14px on small screens but this new change means it's 16px wholesale. I wanted to try and separate the point on the scale and the font size it returns which is really bothersome considering they're numbers that could be mistaked for the specific font size they relate to 🤯

Maybe something like "point 16 **now returns** 16px across all screen sizes"? It makes it clearer that point 16 isn't the same as 16px but that it is linked to it. I'm not super confident about that, hopefully it'll spark inspiration for your big content brain.

Reviewer: Your suggestion looks like it'll work well. I shall edit...

> - point 19 is now 19px across all screen sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 19px is now the same across all screen sizes
```

> - point 24 on small screens is now font size 21px instead of 18px and line height 25px instead of 20px

Reviewer 3: Just spotted this and my brain objected to 24 now being 21px 😮

But then it took me a few seconds to realise that 24 is still 24px, it's only on small screens that it's changing

Worth clarifying?

```suggestion
- point 24 stays at 24px for tablet users, but for small screens is now font size 21px instead of 18px and line height 25px instead of 20px
```

Reviewer 2: I've made a minor adjustment to the suggested content but the sentiment to spell it out is good. Lemme know what you think. I'll bring in a tech writer to spruce it up once I've got code review as well.

Reviewer 3: Sounds good, I'll have a look when it comes through

Reviewer 2: I forgot to push it 😅 Done now.

> - point 24 is still 24px on large screens, but on small screens is now font size 21px instead of 18px and line height 25px instead of 20px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 24px remains the same on large screens
- 24px is now 21px on small screens instead of 18px and has a line height 25px instead of 20px
```

> - point 27 is still 27px on large screens, but on small screens is now font size 21px instead of 18px and line height 25px instead of 20px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 27px remains the same on large screens
- 27px is now 21px on small screens instead of 18px and has a line height 25px instead of 20px
```

> - point 36 is still 36px on large screens, but on small screens is now font size 27px instead of 24px and line height 30px instead of 25px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 36px remains the same on large screens
- 36px is now 27px on small screens instead of 24px and has a line height 30px instead of 25px
```
